In this lecture we will test the cancel
order method for the exception scenarios
that it will check if the read method
on theDAO if it throws an sequel
exception our cancel order method on the
BO is actually throwing a BO exception
thats the first check and then secondly
we'll also check the update method   throws a
sequel exception then our
cancel order method is again throwing a
BOexception two scenarios copy
this test method actually our test code
will be very simple in this case will be
deleting a lot of lines from this code
cancel order should throw a
BOexception on read on DAO read actually so
in here will stubout when DAO.read
123 instead of then return will say then throw
a SQLexception.class will removethis
order at the end we don't need this order
line in here, we don't need order,
we don't need this update and we don't
need any of these asserts and verifies
just a two-line method we don't even
have to assign this BO.cancelorder
to a result because we're not
going to assert for that result all we
are going to do is use the expected attribute
on the test annotation and we
are going to see if aBO ctrlspace
exception.class is coming
back all we have done is thrown a
sequel exception and the read method on
the DAO is called and we're making
sure that the BO wraps it up inside
a business exception and it throws it back
let's run this and everything is green.